Expand Docker installation instructions (#27211)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/installation.mdx

give it access to a license file at the path named in the configuration, which
is `/var/lib/teleport/license.pem` by default. Make sure a license exists at
this location in the Teleport container's data directory.

#### Other file paths

Depending on the configuration settings you assign on your Teleport container,
you will need to make sure that any file paths you name are mounted on the
container. 

For example, if you are running the Teleport Proxy Service on a container, you
need to mount this directory to your Teleport container, then assign the
following fields in the container's configuration file to the appropriate paths:

```yaml
proxy_service:
  https_keypairs:
  - key_file: /my/path/key.pem
    cert_file: /my/path/cert.pem
```

See the Teleport [Configuration Reference](reference/config.mdx) for whether a
field you would like to assign requires a file path.

#### Ports

A single Teleport process can run multiple services, each of which listens on a
specific set of ports depending on your configuration. See our [Networking
Reference](reference/networking.mdx#ports) for the ports on your Teleport
container to expose.

> ### Example of running a Teleport container

Reviewer: Would have the OSS and ent versions.  With a note that cloud would just support other services.

Author: I'm not sure we need to cover all editions here. In this new iteration, the "Example..." section is an illustration of tying together all of the instructions from other subsections in the "Docker" section to show a user how to execute `docker run` with a Teleport container. I don't want to make this section a canonical "Getting Started with Docker" guide since the demo you get is so limited.

I've suggested adding more context to the "Example..." section to make the scope clearer to users.

Reviewer: Ok thanks, that's good

Services on a local Docker container using Teleport Community Edition. 

Since this container uses a self-signed certificate, we do not recommend using
this configuration to protect any infrastructure outside your workstation. You
can, however, join other local Docker containers to it using the [token
method](./management/join-services-to-your-cluster/join-token.mdx).

First, create directories in your home directory to mount to the container. The
Teleport container will write its configuration and data to these directories:

```code
$ mkdir -p ~/teleport/config ~/teleport/data
```

Run `teleport configure` from the Teleport container to generate a configuration
file. This sets the container's name to `localhost` so your browser can trust
the Proxy Service's self-signed TLS certificate:

```code
$ docker run --hostname localhost --rm \
  --entrypoint=/usr/local/bin/teleport \
  <Var name="(=teleport.latest_oss_docker_image=)" /> configure --roles=proxy,auth > ~/teleport/config/teleport.yaml
```

Start Teleport on your container:

```code
$ docker run --hostname localhost --name teleport \
  -v ~/teleport/config:/etc/teleport \
  -v ~/teleport/data:/var/lib/teleport \

>   -p 3025:3025 -p 3080:3080 \

Reviewer 2: Do we want to update this to use the standard port `443` for the web interface?

Author: This led to an error on my Macbook that I didn't get with port 3080 (possibly due to port privileges or `curl` internals?):

```
curl --insecure https://localhost:443/webapi/ping
curl: (35) LibreSSL SSL_connect: SSL_ERROR_SYSCALL in connection to localhost:443
```

  <Var name="(=teleport.latest_oss_docker_image=)" />
```

From there, open another terminal and make sure your Teleport container's web
API is functioning as intended:

```code
$ curl --insecure https://localhost:3080/webapi/ping

> {"auth":{"type":"local","second_factor":"otp","preferred_local_mfa":"otp","local":{"name":""},"private_key_policy":"none","device_trust_disabled":true,"has_motd":false},"proxy":{"kube":{"enabled":true,"listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080"},"ssh":{"listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080","tunnel_listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080","web_listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080"},"db":{"postgres_listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080","mysql_listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080"},"tls_routing_enabled":true},"server_version":"12.1.5","min_client_version":"11.0.0","cluster_name":"localhost","automatic_upgrades":false}

Reviewer: Please use the teleport variable so the server version stays current

Reviewer 2: I don't think that's as important here since this is example output and doesn't need to match what the user sees.

> {"auth":{"type":"local","second_factor":"otp","preferred_local_mfa":"otp","local":{"name":""},"private_key_policy":"none","device_trust_disabled":true,"has_motd":false},"proxy":{"kube":{"enabled":true,"listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080"},"ssh":{"listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080","tunnel_listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080","web_listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080"},"db":{"postgres_listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080","mysql_listen_addr":"0.0.0.0:3080"},"tls_routing_enabled":true},"server_version":"12.1.5","min_client_version":"11.0.0","cluster_name":"localhost","automatic_upgrades":false}

Reviewer 2: Consider piping this through `jq` for more human-friendly output. You don't necessarily need to include it in the example command, just adjust the output so it's more docs-friendly.

requires access to a file system and network ports.

Our [Helm charts](#helm) take care of the Teleport container's system
requirements for you if deploying Teleport on Kubernetes, so these instructions
are relevant only when running a standalone Teleport container in some other
environment.

#### Configuration

Teleport processes read their configuration from a local file path, which is
`/etc/teleport.yaml` by default. Make sure this file path is mounted to your
Teleport container.

#### Data directory

All Teleport processes read from and write to a data directory, which by default
is `/var/lib/teleport`. Make sure the data directory is mounted to your Teleport
container.

#### License file

If your Teleport Enterprise container runs the Auth Service, you will need to
give it access to a license file at the path named in the configuration, which
is `/var/lib/teleport/license.pem` by default. Make sure a license exists at
this location in the Teleport container's data directory.

#### Other file paths

Depending on the configuration settings you assign on your Teleport container,
you will need to make sure that any file paths you name are mounted on the
container. 

> For example, if you are running the Teleport Proxy Service on a container, you
> need to mount this directory to your Teleport container, then assign the
> following fields in the container's configuration file to the appropriate paths:

Reviewer 2: I suggest rephrasing this paragraph. It looks like it was pulled from another section where "this directory" was already explained, but lacks context here. We should explain that the example is specifically for mapping keypairs from a directory in the container host. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
For example, if you are running the Teleport Proxy Service on a container and
are providing externally generated HTTPS keypairs, you need to mount the directory
containing those keys to your Teleport container, then assign the
following fields in the container's configuration file to the appropriate paths:
```

These images are hosted on [Amazon ECR
Public](https://gallery.ecr.aws/gravitational).

#### Image suffixes

For each of the image names listed in this section, you can specify attributes
of the image by appending a suffix to the repository name or tag.

Images with the `*-distroless` suffix within the repository name include only
the `teleport` binary and its runtime dependencies, with no shell or utility
applications. An example is `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport-distroless` for Teleport
Community Edition.

Images with the `*-distroless-debug` suffix within the repository name include a
Busybox shell and tool suite in addition to Teleport, and are intended for
troubleshooting deployments only. They are not intended for production use. An
example is `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport-distroless-debug`.

You can specify the architecture of an image by appending a suffix to its tag.
We support the following architecture suffixes: `amd64`, `arm`, and `arm64`. For
example, if you want to pull the ARM64 image for
`public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport`, you can use
`public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport:(=teleport.version=)-arm64`. Architecture

> suffixes are not available for `*-distroless` or `*-distroless-debug` images.

Reviewer 3: Why not? Are these multiarch images?

Author: Yes—specified

#### Nightly image builds

> Nightly images point to the latest version of Teleport. They are stable, and we

Reviewer 3: I'm unfamiliar with these.

Why are these called nighty? Do we rebuild them every night? If so, do we really recommend that?
